well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about that shooting in Alabama and there
is a lot to talk about so we're just
gonna kind of dive right into it starts
off
police say we killed the shooter and
then the next day okay he didn't shoot
anybody well okay I'm you know I give
the cops credit for doing that when they
shoot the wrong person they normally
don't admit it but they did in this case
but even when they did they they went
through and that they they didn't really
come clean you know what they said was
he may have been involved in the
altercation and he was fleeing the scene
when you say it like that it sounds like
he did something wrong so let's take
that out of PR speak real quick he might
possibly we don't know have been
involved in the altercation which means
he could have been a victim we do know
that he didn't shoot anybody and he ran
away you mean to tell me this may have
ran away from somebody who opened fire
in a mall I mean of course you had to
shoot him and that that's not completely
rational behavior at all I I know
there's a bunch of internet tough guys
they're gonna say well if you're armed
you're gonna shoot back now you're not
most of you aren't 4% most people are
not going to engage if they can get away
that's fact
so far there is nothing that has been
released into the public narrative that
suggests this man did anything wrong
anything and it's part of growing trend
and we're going to get to that but
before we get to that I want to talk
about his military service because
that's what's being used to pit
everybody against each other
I mean well against everybody except for
the people who killed the wrong person
see his lawyer released a statement
saying that he was honorably discharged
his family's lawyer said that he was
honorably discharged the army said that
he didn't complete AIT okay because of
that you have a bunch of military
scholars in the comment section of every
article saying see his lawyers already
lying if you don't complete AIT and AIT
is advanced individual training you get
an e LS not a discharge Els is entry
level separation or enlistment level
separation and that's true most times
you get an e LS if you didn't serve 180
days anything after 180 days you get a
discharge now this guy was going to be a
combat engineer 12 Bravo I want to say
that's 14 weeks of training might be 16
either way it's not 180 days so if he
was booted out prior to completing AIT
he had to have gotten in the list with
level separation had to have gotten in
the LS unless of course he got hurt and
they didn't separate him because they
thought he was gonna get better and it
extended beyond 180 days or he got
recycled and part of the training or a
hundred other things or there's the
option of it well it's the army do you
know any vet who's dd-214 is right the
first time out the door I know a guy who
never left Fort Benning that had a
Purple Heart in his jacket you know I
know that victory Drive gets rough at
night sometimes
getting knocked out by a bouncer doesn't
really count as getting wounded by enemy
action and they argued with him when he
tried to get it fixed they argued with
him and it went on a while and this
guy's like I never even deployed that's
not what the records say it's the
military it's the army it's a branch
it's part of the government it's a
branch service part of the government
they're not always right with their
paperwork so it is completely possible
that this man never completed AIT and he
got an honorable discharge it is also
completely possible that he got an els
and his paperwork says that he was
honorably discharged so that's what his
lawyer said either one of those things
is completely within the realm of
possibility and now we got to talk about
that photo because that's what's using
that's what the media is using to
inflame everybody and there he is he's a
disgrace to the uniform obviously not
quote a real soldier guarantee the
people who've said her saying this
they've never seen the kill book you
think real soldiers don't do things
wrong what's more of a disgrace to the
uniform urinating on an enemy ki a and
have your buddy taking a picture of it
or having your hat backwards in a
bathrobe
this would not be the first time in
history that a newly minted troop did
something stupid it's part of being an
e-1 I mean it yeah he was out of rags
okay in a bathroom it this is not a huge
mark against his character I mean you
you have the right to do something
stupid when you first join everybody
does so there's that but before we go
any further and start talking about the
rest of this I want to point out that it
doesn't matter if he was dishonorably
discharged because he punched a colonel
in the face after driving drunk through
the gate and crashing into an MP's car
he didn't shoot anybody being armed and
black is not a crime and right now I
know there's people going oh don't play
the race card oh yeah we're gonna play
the race card cuz we just had another
guy good guy with a gun stop a shooting
and then if the cops showed up and
killed him goes back further than that -
we got a flan de Castille another
legally carrying gun owner john crawford
didn't even have a gun
had a BB gun in the store hadn't even
bought it yet cops killed him even if it
had been a gun wouldn't have been
illegal Ohio is an open carry state what
are those people all have in common I
mean other than the NRA not coming to
help their families after this what do
they all have in common
the NRA doesn't actually represent gun
owners not in practice they represent
gun manufacturers now if you look like
me and something like this happens to
you they might say something probably
not because they're really more interest
keeping that mole on Labe crowd happy
you know the same people have the thin
blue line sticker on their car they
really want to keep them happy and keep
them paying dues so they're not gonna do
anything to upset the police being armed
and black isn't a crime it's not there
is nothing that has been said that
suggests this man did anything wrong and
let me just go ahead and throw some
other stuff out there let's say for
example he got into a fight with
somebody and that person pulled out a
gun and started shooting and hit two
innocent people
guess who still doesn't deserve to be
shot let's say he pulled out his gun
still doesn't deserve to be shot fleeing
the scene what that tells me is that he
didn't point his weapon at the cops
because they would have said that he was
running away
so let's uh really just run through what
we know illegally carrying gun owner
shot no.1 and ran away from somebody who
was shooting that's what we know that's
what's entered the public narrative
those are the facts we have if you have
already decided that this guy did
something worthy of his death your
biases are coming into play you can't
tell me oh why trust the cops the same
guys who thought they killed the right
person you think they got a good grasp
on the situation huh your biases are
coming into play so what it is it's a
skin tone and the fact that he had his
hat backwards biases exist if you don't
acknowledge them they will persist you
have got to really step back from this
situation and look at it nothing
suggests this man did anything wrong now
if you're a cop and you're watching this
I imagine by this point you're probably
pretty mad and that's fine you can be
mad I'm gonna throw you the bone though
because there's obviously a little bit
of confusion if you roll up on a scene
and don't really know what's going on
positive threat identification is really
important you use time distance and
cover to make that determination
that's how you figure out if he's a good
guy or a bad guy time distance and cover
if he starts to point his weapon at the
crowd that's what we might call an
indicator okay if he's just running away
he's just running away
being armed and black is not a crime and
when you make that determination by the
way you want to use that and determine
whether or not he's a good guy or a bad
guy before you shoot him since there is
some confusion about that part we as a
country have to start acknowledging our
biases and when anytime a situation like
this comes up we see them in play you
should see them if you're looking for
them you'll see them if we don't start
acknowledging these biases and letting
them fade away because we recognize they
exist the the establishment the
powers-that-be
will always be able to play us against
each other anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night